Part2/README.md, before:

# Part 2

Exercises from part 2.

## Links to complete exercises

### 2.1-5 Course Information
Split into three modules with App, Courses and Course
- [App](https://github.com/rescawen/Fall2020Fullstack/blob/master/Part2/2.1-5_course_information/src/App.js)  
- [Courses](https://github.com/rescawen/Fall2020Fullstack/blob/master/Part2/2.1-5_course_information/src/components/Courses.js)  
- [Course](https://github.com/rescawen/Fall2020Fullstack/blob/master/Part2/2.1-5_course_information/src/components/Course.js)  

### 2.6-11,15-18 Phone Book
Split into six modules with App, Filter, PersonForm, Persons, Notification and personService.
- [App](https://github.com/rescawen/Fall2020Fullstack/blob/master/Part2/2.6-11%2C15-18_phone_book/src/App.js)  
- [Filter](https://github.com/rescawen/Fall2020Fullstack/blob/master/Part2/2.6-11%2C15-18_phone_book/src/components/Filter.js)  
- [PersonForm](https://github.com/rescawen/Fall2020Fullstack/blob/master/Part2/2.6-11%2C15-18_phone_book/src/components/PersonForm.js)  
- [Persons](https://github.com/rescawen/Fall2020Fullstack/blob/master/Part2/2.6-11%2C15-18_phone_book/src/components/Persons.js)  
- [Notification](https://github.com/rescawen/Fall2020Fullstack/blob/master/Part2/2.6-11%2C15-18_phone_book/src/components/Notification.js)  
- [personService](https://github.com/rescawen/Fall2020Fullstack/blob/master/Part2/2.6-11%2C15-18_phone_book/src/services/persons.js)  
In addition index.css that contains styling for notifications.
- [index.css](https://github.com/rescawen/Fall2020Fullstack/blob/master/Part2/2.6-11%2C15-18_phone_book/src/index.css)

Commit message:

updated data for countries links

Part2/README.md, after:

# Part 2

Exercises from part 2.

## Links to complete exercises

### 2.1-5 Course Information
Split into three modules with App, Courses and Course
- [App](https://github.com/rescawen/Fall2020Fullstack/blob/master/Part2/2.1-5_course_information/src/App.js)  
- [Courses](https://github.com/rescawen/Fall2020Fullstack/blob/master/Part2/2.1-5_course_information/src/components/Courses.js)  
- [Course](https://github.com/rescawen/Fall2020Fullstack/blob/master/Part2/2.1-5_course_information/src/components/Course.js)  

### 2.6-11,15-18 Phone Book
Split into six modules with App, Filter, PersonForm, Persons, Notification and personService. In addition index.css that contains styling for notifications.
- [App](https://github.com/rescawen/Fall2020Fullstack/blob/master/Part2/2.6-11%2C15-18_phone_book/src/App.js)  
- [Filter](https://github.com/rescawen/Fall2020Fullstack/blob/master/Part2/2.6-11%2C15-18_phone_book/src/components/Filter.js)  
- [PersonForm](https://github.com/rescawen/Fall2020Fullstack/blob/master/Part2/2.6-11%2C15-18_phone_book/src/components/PersonForm.js)  
- [Persons](https://github.com/rescawen/Fall2020Fullstack/blob/master/Part2/2.6-11%2C15-18_phone_book/src/components/Persons.js)  
- [Notification](https://github.com/rescawen/Fall2020Fullstack/blob/master/Part2/2.6-11%2C15-18_phone_book/src/components/Notification.js)  
- [personService](https://github.com/rescawen/Fall2020Fullstack/blob/master/Part2/2.6-11%2C15-18_phone_book/src/services/persons.js)  
- [index.css](https://github.com/rescawen/Fall2020Fullstack/blob/master/Part2/2.6-11%2C15-18_phone_book/src/index.css)  

### 2.12-14 Data for Countries
Exercise did not specify splitting into different modules.
- [App](https://github.com/rescawen/Fall2020Fullstack/blob/master/Part2/2.12-14_data_for_countries/src/App.js)
